she's doesn't like her school and he
want us to get it demolished so she goes
to a demolition expert and tries to
convince them how do it for I got the
demolition place over here to tell me to
destroy my school please
but the firm a second hello hi boy it's
good you got it I got to school and
Oakland and you wanted tamales yeah he's
a big wrecking ball or we had to knock
it down
I think we're a big ball nice hold on
one second say hello Joey you my name is
Becky yes I have a proposal for you
go ahead leave the damn innocent man yes
give the top boss yeah go ahead what I
know I want you two to help me destroy
my school you want to blow it up didn't
blow it open up a ten whatever whatever
whatever you want done blow it up that
would be better
can you make sure that all my teachers
are in there when you're not to do go
over your offer
I will nobody likes some they gave me
extra homework on a Friday and
everything are you calling from from
Chilton whatever what's good in Dublin
don't want the bait to fall down there's
a lot of kids don't little bit fall down
and how much would it cost to knock you
to the ground at the Panther break it is
this examination company or a jokes
actions your party the matthäus
Ovid Shelly can you fax me through your
photograph for our safe plan or
something I shall search the true plan
of the school I'm making two things
yeah no problem yeah you just make sure
that they're all in the building when
you're not the game
you put already in Roman I give you a
pastry to the legislature great yeah
when the schools on down wanna make a
crash for a while make a big bang thanks
good hotman
thank you look hard if it starts killing
you Benson
let me give me a ballpark we go
she's got a big feed Reggie